Added visually hidden text to component story (#329)
BBC-archive/psammead: packages/components/psammead-copyright/README.md

## Usage

> Commonly used alongside [`psammead-figure`](https://github.com/BBC-News/psammead/tree/latest/packages/components/psammead-figure) and [`psammead-image`](https://github.com/BBC-News/psammead/tree/latest/packages/components/psammead-image). Can also pass in [`psammead-visually-hidden-text`](https://github.com/BBC-News/psammead/tree/latest/packages/components/psammead-visually-hidden-text) in order to announce the component.

Reviewer: Can you add a `Accessibility notes` section about the use of visually hidden text please? Readme sections can be found in the [contributing file](https://github.com/bbc/psammead/blob/latest/CONTRIBUTING.md) :)

```jsx
const WrapperComponent = ({ alt, src, width }) => (
  <Figure>
    <Image alt={alt} src={src} width={width} />
    <Copyright>

>       <VisuallyHiddenText>Copyright </VisuallyHiddenText>

Reviewer 2: UX Designers have recommended using `Image source, ` as the prefixed string that's used offscreen, so it would be good to have our reflected in the example usage. 
```suggestion
      <VisuallyHiddenText>Image source, </VisuallyHiddenText>
```

The default styling of this component is intended to comply with WCAG colour contrast standards.

> Visually Hidden Text was added to the component story as an example for how it can be used for screen readers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `VisuallyHiddenText` component can be used as a child of `Copyright` to add additional context to screen reader users. An example of this can be found in [our storybook](https://bbc.github.io/psammead/?selectedKind=Copyright&selectedStory=with%20visually%20hidden%20text)
```
